# CSE248_FINAL
Final project for cse 248
I have decided to do an app that will contain several features that i personally would enjoy at the
click of a button. This app will implement a log in page such that all of personal information of the user is saved
and protected up in the database. After the user logs in they will come across the main menu of the app where the user can choose to check out the weather based on their devices location or by the zip code of their town. All of the data will be gathered from a free weather api named openweathermap. Another option will be to quickly view the latest news around the world or your particular town which the app should know since when the user signs in a zip code will be required and verified. With the zip code i plan on gathering both the weather and specific news about the users own town. This option will be achieved by having two tabs at the top to separate the world news with the specific town's news. Another option that i will try to implement is an option where the user can quickly check out videos of the hottest trends in youtube and i may implement some type of option to select by category such as comedy or informational and such. I have also thought about having an events option where a list of events going on in the users community but i may just incorporate that with the news option and create its own tab. I am planning on getting all of the data from different api's that are free to use and also just make the app much more useful. This app has been strolling in my head for quite sometime now since i want to make it an app where the user can quickly log in and get informed with everything that is currently going on in their area or around the world. This comes about from my personal case since everyday after i wake up i quickly want to get informed with everything without having to visit different apps so this app will have it all at their disposal. I want to make this app such that the user can get informed in a matter of minnutes will everything from wether to whats trending in youtube that particular day. 
